
A chess championship is going to be organized at NIT Jamshedpur. Huge number of participants are ready to outsmart individuals in this interesting game.
Sanjeev, being the current Chess Champion is the organizer of this year's championship matches. He expects that this year also the Gold Medal should be grabbed by a student of his branch in the college.
For this to happen, he has made an arrangement of m practice matches for the n competitors of his branch.
To simplify things consider there are only 2 types of players/competitors - smart and dull.
A game is called boring if it is played between two dull players, otherwise the game is interesting.
Sanjeev added a twist in this game. He called another n people who are friends of the above mentioned n players where each player has exactly one friend. It is interesting to observe that if a player is smart, then his/her friend is dull. The same reverse behaviour holds for a dull player also.
Since Sanjeev is a fun loving person, so he wants to make all these matches look interesting. But he doesn't know which player is smart or dull. Can you help him ?

Note: The friend of ith player is (i+n)th player where 1 ≤ i ≤ n.

Input
First line consists of t - the number of test cases. Each test case goes as follows -

First line consists of n and m, the number of players and total number of practice matches respectively.
Each of the next m lines contains 2 space-separated integers for e.g. "a b" (without quotes) which denote a practice match or a game played between a and b.

Note:- Here a can be a player or his/her friend. Also, b can be a player or his/her friend. Both a and b cannot be same. Each pair plays atmost one of m games.

Output
For each test case output the following in each line -


Print "boring"(without quotes) if all the m practice matches cannot be made interesting, 
else print "interesting"(without quotes).
Constraints

1 ≤ t ≤  50 
2 ≤ n ≤  100000 
1 ≤ m ≤  100000 
1 ≤ a, b ≤  2*n 

Example
Input:
2
2 6
3 1
1 4
2 4
2 3
4 3
2 1
4 4
1 3
2 4
5 7
6 8

Output:
boring
interesting


Explanation
Example case 2.
One possible way for making all 4 games interesting is by considering player 1 and player 4 as smart, and player 2 and player 3 as dull


