

  Mr. Yagami is playing a game of arrays. He is given two random arrays A and B
  consisting of N positive integer elements. Game starts by Mr. Yagami assigning 0 or 1
  to each element in A and B.
After this assignment is done, a graph is constructed with a node for each
  element in the array A and B (2N nodes) and no edges. The game proceeds with a
  valid move being defined in the following way:

  One of the arrays from A or B is selected.
  From the selected array, an element which has been marked 0 is chosen. Let us
  call this element as X.
 A set of elements, Y, are chosen from the array, which was not chosen in the
  first step, such that all elements of Y should be marked as 1 and all elements
  of Y should be greater than X and no element of Y should be coprime to X.
Finally an edge is drawn from the node labelled X to all the nodes
  corresponding to the elements in set Y. There can only be a single edge
  between any 2 nodes in the graph.

  He can make as many valid moves. Mr. Yagami receives 1 point for each edge
  that is drawn in the graph.
  Mr. Yagami is very clever, so he makes the initial assignment in such a way
  that it maximizes the number of points he receives in the game. You have to
  return the maximum number of points that Mr. Yagami can receive.
  
Input Format:

  The first line of the input contains a single integer, N (1 ≤ N ≤
  40)
  The second line of input contains N integers separated by a single space
  character, which represent the elements of the array A. (2 ≤ A[i] ≤  10^9)
  Similarly, the last line of input also contains N integers separated by a
  single space character, which represent the elements of the array B. (2 ≤ 
  B[i] ≤ 10^9)

Output Format:

  A single integer representing the maximum score which Mr. Yagami can receive.
  
Sample Input:
4
16 3 2 9
12 18 13 4
Sample Output:
8
Explanation:

  He picks 2 from first array. So he gets to put 3 edges ie. 2->4, 2->12,
  2->18.	
  Next he picks 3 from the first array. So he gets to put 2 edges ie. 3->12,
  3->18.
  Next he picks 9 from the first array. So he gets to put 2 edges ie. 9->12,
  9->18.
  Next he picks 16 from the first array. So he gets to put 1 edge ie. 16->18.
  Total edges=8.


Problem Setter: Lalit Kundu

