
 
Perry White, editor-in-chief of the 'The Daily Planet', has decided to put up a musical story of every superhero on their website. Clark Kent is assigned Superman. Now he has to select 9 songs that describe the wonders by Superman. Choosing those songs for this playlist is turning out to be very tricky for him.

Perry has also laid some guidelines regarding the task in hand. They are:

 The songs should have a sense of continuity.
 It means that two consecutive songs should have something in common. For instance, the first song in the list can be "Kryptonite" by "3 Doors Down", as it is the birth place of the hero. The next song can be "Sweet Child of Mine" by "Guns N Roses", as it aptly describes his love for his mother, Martha. The ordering of the songs is important.

 All the songs can not be by the same artist. 

Clark is provied with a list of n songs. The first column of the list has the name of the Artist. The second column contains a number x, denoting the number of songs that can be played immediately after that song. The next x columns contain x distinct integers denoting the ID of the songs that can be played after the current song.
Note that the song on first line has ID 1, the song on second line has ID 2 and so on..
Clark has handed you the list to generate the playlist keeping in mind the guidelines, as Clark has to save the planet Earth from an incoming threat!

 
Input

The first line of input consists of an integer n denoting the number of songs Clark is provided with.
The ith line of n subsequent lines each describe a song as described above.

 
Output

If Clark can successfully create a playlist according to the requirements, then print the list of integers denoting the ID of the songs, in the order to be played.
If not, print on a single line "Fail".

If there are more than one valid answers, any one of them will be accepted.
 
Constraints

9 ≤ n ≤ 100
 The name of the artist comprises of at most 20 lowercase alphabets.
1 ≤ x ≤ 40
1 ≤ xi ≤ n

 
Example
Input:
10
asdd 2 10 3
fsb 1 6
dcsdg 2 1 5
dssdvs 1 9
sge 1 4
fsdg 1 2
gyk 2 6 8
hkfj 0
srsi 1 3
jjdyt 1 7

Output:
5 4 9 3 1 10 7 6 2

 

